Brother, thanks to you this time.
If it weren't for you
We don't go to hemp
Sorry to bother you.
In fact, Yang Jing informed me
Someone is targeting you
I just came here specially, Yang Jing
He has an accident himself and still studies
That's what I can't tell
My people see you
It's like seeing me.
No, no, you have to be respectful when you see me
Where is he?
I want to go and see him.
All right, this glass of wine
Ah!
Master, what are you doing?
Shouldn't it be a new love?
What do you mean?
It's me who does business
Men are indeed blind
Have a new love but forget an old one
Mr. Wan is here
OK
It seems that what Jie Shao said is good
Chen Zhixiong really hooked up with this kid
So what do we do?
Jie Shao's target is that kid
Let's not clean the parking lot
Find an opportunity
Just kill him